Add `@container` query support to the `createTextStyle` function (#147)
seek-oss/capsize: packages/vanilla-extract/README.md

});
```

> As an alternative to passing a media query object, can also provide a vanilla-extract [container query object](https://vanilla-extract.style/documentation/styling/#container-queries).

Reviewer: Small typo, but you're probably under selling it here too, i'd add an example!

````suggestion
#### Container queries

Queries can be provided following the vanilla-extract [container query object syntax](https://vanilla-extract.style/documentation/styling/#container-queries). For example:

```ts
// Text.css.ts
import { createTheme, createContainer } from '@vanilla-extract/css';
import { createTextStyle, precomputeValues } from '@capsizecss/vanilla-extract';

const containerName = createContainer();

const [themeClass, vars] = createTheme({
  bodyText: {
    small: precomputeValues({ fontSize: 14, leading: 18, fontMetrics }),
    medium: precomputeValues({ fontSize: 16, leading: 22, fontMetrics }),
    large: precomputeValues({ fontSize: 18, leading: 24, fontMetrics }),
  },
});

export const containerText = createTextStyle(vars.bodyText.small,  {
  '@container': {
    [`${containerName} (min-width: 400px)`]: vars.bodyText.medium,
    [`${containerName} (min-width: 600px)`]: vars.bodyText.large,
  },
});
```
````

---

Would you mind re-wording the [intro to this section] too?

> ### Responsive typography
> As a convenience for responsive styles, `createTextStyle` accepts a second argument in the form of conditional vanillia-extract styling queries, returning a responsive class list.
>
> #### Media queries
> Queries can be provided following the vanilla-extract [media query object syntax](https://vanilla-extract.style/documentation/styling/#media-queries). For example:

[intro to this section]: https://github.com/seek-oss/capsize/pull/147/files#diff-cec442627353521926640bf6c4b58933cf03c2dab60769031dc9160e751baa14R81
